c:\users\yurii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\LowerWebApp.Domain.dll.config
c:\users\yurii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\LowerWebApp.Domain.dll
c:\users\yurii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\LowerWebApp.Domain.pdb
c:\users\yurii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\yurii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\yurii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\yurii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\yurii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\yurii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\yurii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\yurii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\yurii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\yurii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\yurii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\yurii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\yurii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\yurii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\yurii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\yurii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\yurii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\yurii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\obj\Debug\LowerWebApp.Domain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yurii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\obj\Debug\LowerWebApp.Domain.dll
c:\users\yurii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\obj\Debug\LowerWebApp.Domain.pdb
c:\users\yurii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\LowerWebApp.Domain.dll.config
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\LowerWebApp.Domain.dll
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\LowerWebApp.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\obj\Debug\LowerWebApp.Domain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\obj\Debug\LowerWebApp.Domain.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\obj\Debug\LowerWebApp.Domain.dll
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LowerWebApp\LowerWebApp.Domain\obj\Debug\LowerWebApp.Domain.pdb
